docs: user documentation (#32)
fetchai/fetch-wallet: docs/index.md

> The **Fetch Wallet**, originally forked from the [Keplr wallet](https://github.com/chainapsis/keplr-wallet), is a generic wallet for blockchains built using the Cosmos-SDK, including the Fetch network, and supports the Inter-Blockchain Communication (IBC) protocol.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Fetch Wallet**, originally forked from the [Keplr wallet](https://github.com/chainapsis/keplr-wallet), is a generic wallet for interacting with the Fetch blockchain network, other cosmos-based ledgers, and performing Inter-Blockchain Communication (IBC) transactions.
```

Some of its highlights include:

- Private keys are stored locally. This removes the friction and risk of webpages having to safely manage users' private keys.
- Because private keys are not managed by websites, users do not have to worry about their level of security.
- The Fetch wallet can easily connect to libraries such as CosmJS, simplifying the process of connecting webpages to blockchains.

> 

Reviewer: Not happy with the highlights. @bryanchriswhite @VijaySharma815 any thoughts on the above?

Reviewer 2: The **Fetch Wallet** originally forked from the [Keplr wallet](https://github.com/chainapsis/keplr-wallet), is a generic wallet for interacting with the Fetch blockchain network, and other cosmos-based ledgers, and performing Inter-Blockchain Communication (IBC) transactions.
